[{
        "imageNews": "news_one",
        "title": "Amazing Churros",
        "body": "This unique Spanish treat has become a real hit among sweet lovers all over the world, and now it is available here! \nChurros are long, tubular dough-fried sticks coated in sugar and flavored in a variety of flavors. Their crispy crust and soft, tender dough make them the perfect addition to coffee or hot chocolate. In our store we offer churros in various versions, ranging from classic ones to those that will satisfy even the most sophisticated gourmets. \nCome and immerse yourself in a world of delicious flavors with our new line of churros! The delicious combination of crispy exterior and soft interior promises to give you an unforgettable sweet delight. Don't miss out on this unique dessert that is sure to become your new favorite treat."
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "news_two",
        "title": "Sale 15%",
        "body": "We have great news for all sweets lovers from America! Now, thanks to a partnership with American Gifts, you have a unique opportunity to receive a 15% discount on all sweets from the USA. Take advantage of this attractive offer by simply scanning the QR code found on your gifts from American Gifts. \nThis promotion gives you the perfect opportunity to enjoy the great flavors and authentic sweet treats available in the store. From American chocolates to classic candies and exotic treats, the choice is huge, and the 15% discount makes it even more attractive! \nDon't miss the chance to immerse yourself in American sweet culture and treat yourself to delicious treats. Simply scan the QR code from American Gifts to take advantage of this exclusive discount and make your sweet shopping experience even more enjoyable."
    },
    {
        "imageNews": "news_three",
        "title": "Two for the price of one",
        "body": "We have great news for connoisseurs of pumpkin flavors! Now, when you buy one pumpkin pie, you get a second one absolutely free. This unique offer is designed to delight you with delicious desserts and add joy to your sweet experience. \nOur pumpkin cakes are the true embodiment of autumn comfort and warmth. They combine tender dough, aromatic spices and the unique taste of pumpkin. This is the perfect treat for seasonal dessert lovers. \nDon't miss the opportunity to enjoy this delicious offer! Visit us and get two delicious pumpkin pies for the price of one. Share the joy with friends and family, or enjoy both desserts yourself. This offer is limited, so don't miss your chance to enjoy some pumpkin fun!"
 }
]


